hi I'm Little Miss Saturday and today
we're gonna do it a tutorial that will
make up right there Saturday we're going
to do some makeup tutorials and here we
go ready first we're gonna do the blush
I know you like blush but I sometimes I
didn't make up some makeup in my eyes
but today I'm gonna do my makeup
tutorial when they're all in I guess
what
the lipstick okay now this is gonna be
funny pretty funny lipstick on
if not pretty I knew you will like that
I'm just trying to do my makeup tutorial
now we're gonna do the eyeliner so this
is for my mom to do yeah they'll be
pretty funny my mom's gonna have to do
this one this part yeah eyeliner just
for the nose that's black okay yeah I'm
gonna you're gonna have to do yeah I'm
gonna have to do that okay oh my god
black thank you too young for our black
why do you want to do a Bart knows
second then you can do it who find I'll
do the white face
okay and really funny I am again
seriously I love yes and this is called
Loomis Saturday but I like cats anyway
here we go this will be fine this which
one first the lid okay no black
so pretty
okay so funny
next the whiskers that are right right
to mentor my whiskers white
who's there Saturday
Little Miss Saturday just do like makeup
don't either you would say this it was
so funny that you did that again no I
did some Western which are white and
though you can't see it that much better
country okay
you don't know I like it I'm gonna draw
my fangs mama is it okay if I don't my
fangs like right between my lips
already some beautiful things but once
is the broke
that's so cool I wanted to do that